they were two young girls living in a
world of imagination I'm going to the
fourth world it's an absolute paradise
of music art and pure enjoyment what
they had was friendship what it is Chris
you are your mother is rather a
miserable woman what they needed was
freedom do you like your mother know
what they shared was a secret
your daughter's in behaving in a rather
disturbed what's she done I think I'm
going crazy
sure it's perfectly innocent the crime
that shocked the nation people die every
day me the best people fight against all
obstacles in pursuit of happiness for
for turtle aren't you clever we're not
going to be separated
hi she's uncontrollable based on a true
story it's all frightfully romantic
heavenly creatures